# CLIMATE-CONTROLLED-GREENHOUSE-BY-ARDUINO
Project using Arduino to introduce smart greenhouse.
Today agriculture is changing in response to the requirements of modern society, whereensuring food supply through practices such as water conservation, reductionofagrochemicals and the required planted surface, which guarantees high quality crops areindemand. Greenhouses have proven to be a reliable solution to achieve these goals; however, agreenhouse as a means for protected agriculture has the potential to lead to serious problems. The most of these are related to the inside greenhouse climate conditions where controllingthe temperature and relative humidity (RH) are the main objectives of engineering. Achievingappropriate climate conditions to ensure high yield and quality crops reducingenergyconsumption have been the objective of investigations for some time. Our systemis usedtocontrol the climate inside the greenhouse. Indeed Greenhouses are considered as toodifficultto maintain as the temperature needs continues monitoring. As of today famers are forcedtoappoint labour for monitoring the climate. This system would help farmers to control theclimates of greenhouse effortlessly by using various controlling units as they get instructionsfrom Arduino. Arduino is the heart of the system which is coded according to the climatemeasures we want. Therefore, when the conditions fail Arduino would generate the signalsfor maintaining those variations and fix them as fast as they can. This systemwill bemorefunctional and responsive instead of affording the labour. Here we have the hardware controlunits which are exactly appropriate for the corresponding climate variations. So the responsefrom the Arduino will be executed successfully by the fans and motors. The changes likeTemperature, Humidity, Light, and Soil will be recovered by the controlling units suchasfans, sprays and heaters. Arduino works as a heart which can pumb every units that hasconnected to it. Every single changes captured by the sensors will be responded by Arduinoas soon as possible. Greenhouses are considered as sensitive in climate fluctuations whichcan cause the plants affected, So that the farmers are being eager to correct even the small changes.
